settings block updates (#2593)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/real-device-cleaning.md

:::

:::caution
On Public devices, user access to device settings is limited to app-specific configurations only. like notifications, location services, permissions, app storage, and app details. For iOS Enterprise apps, users can trust the app via settings. Access is restricted to the test application and webapps through Safari or Chrome. These rules apply to both iOS and Android public devices.

The list of restrictions on iOS:
- Face ID/Touch ID & Passcodes.
- Developer mode
- Language and region
- Reset device
- Find My Device
- Standby mode
- Create new Apple ID
- Sounds and Haptics
- Screen Time
- Auto-lock settings
- Zoom settings
- Airplay & handoff

Android restrictions:
- Biometrics and Passcode/Pincode
- Lock settings
- Google Account settings 
- Developer mode
- Network settings

The following settings are allowed ONLY on Private devices, these are blocked on public devices:
- Safari developer settings
- Changing Text Size
- Battery
- VPN settings
- Cellular
- Analytics and Crash
- Control Center
- Apple Wallet
- Passwords
- Mail settings
- Apple ID Sign In
- Proxy configuration
- Network settings

> To access our private device cloud, contact your Sauce Labs account executive or our support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those settings are fully available on our private device cloud offering. Please contact your account executive or our support team for access.
```
